I know you're which and you can see the
future you'll be queen for a time when
it comes another cast you down and take
all you all dear the King will have
twenty children and you will have three
that doesn't make sense
gold will be their crowns cold shrouds
what she built it's ours sons of the
harpy yes your grace
they left is on the body they've never
killed before there's only a matter of
time your grace find the men who did
this and bring them to me your grace you
bastard a Winterfell
I shall take back the north from the
thieves who stole it Tywin Lannister is
dead he can't protect them now you want
the wildlings to march in your army
we'll take Winterfell once the north is
won or declare them citizens of the
realm you told Lord Royce of going to
the fingers I did
but we're heading west yeah so where are
we go to a land so far from here even
Cersei Lannister can't get our hands on
you you have a choice my friend
you can stay here at Illyrio's Palace
and drink yourself to death or you can
ride with me to Meereen meet Daenerys
Targaryen and decide if the world is
worth fighting for
kneel and live I wish you good fortune
in the wars to come
we all must choose we choose the true
God or the false
[Music]
how's the black-and-white this is where
you'll find the man you seek
Valar morghulis Jack and her GOG a V
this no one here by that name but wait
[Music]
only to like it in the world the one I'm
wearing the one I gave to myself it's a
threat I'm gonna make things better
you've never made anything better I'm
going to dawn now bringing outdoors home
showed mercy to Mance Rayder the Kings
word is law with respect your grace the
free folk will never follow you no
matter what you do tonight the Nights
Watch Felix a new Lord Commander
ser Alliser Thorne is going to win kneel
before me lay your sword at my feet
pledge me your service in your rise
again as Jon Stark Lord of Winterfell
I'm gonna refuse him you'd be Lord of
Winterfell I swore a vow to the Nights
Watch as anyone wish to speak for the
998 Lord Commander of the Nights Watch
sir Alliser thorne is not just a knight
he's a man of true nobility
so Denys m'allister joined the Watchers
aboard moment himself chose Jon to be
his steward he saw something in Jon and
now we've all seen it too but he's the
commander we turn to when the night was
darkest there's to be a Time Master you
lost this
you said there was no jaqen H'ghar here
who are you then no one and that is
wicker must become
[Music]
the best way to forge a lasting Alliance
isn't by peeling a man's skin off the
best way is marriage and as it happens I
found the perfect girl to solidify our
hold on the north you're not marrying
Roose Bolton no will be marrying his son
and heir Ramsay all my life I wanted to
be John Stark
I'm no Commander of the Nights Watch my
place is here stubborn as your father
and there's honorable winter is coming I
know it we march on Winterfell within
the fortnight before the snows shudders
yeah Arya Starks sword Arya Starks
clothes Arya Starks stolen silver and
man wonders how is it that no one came
to be surrounded by aya Starks things
lady Sansa
welcome will Bolton man traduced my son
Ramsay Bolton welcome home lady Stark
the North remembers the faith in the
crown are the two pillars that hold up
this world one collapses so does the
other
shows almost over each other girls
inside who'd be happy to oblige
made some kind of mystics why don't you
tell me what to speak you're chewing and
then taking you to the Queen if I
explain the holy purpose to my son the
King I have no doubt he will sign a
decree arming the believers you felt
worthy what would you say if I told you
of a great sinner in our very midst
shielded by gold and privilege Loras of
house Tyrell you have broken the laws of
gods and men I demand that ser Loras be
freed
now did I arrest him but you are in the
faith militant you gave the high Sparrow
an army where are you doing King's
Landing you can't leave me here I know
how hard it is to live with people you
despise believe me but it won't be for
long he told me he smuggled Jaime
Lannister into Dorne
he's come from her cellar I'm not taking
you to your sister
you said you were taking me to the Queen
I'm in Daenerys Targaryen she's the
queen I said you're Jorah Mormont you
were spying on her weren't you she found
out did it she found out and exiled you
your grace today is the traditional
start of the fighting issues I do not
recognize this tradition traditions are
the only thing that will hold this city
your city together I can't promise this
is the answer to all our problems but
it's a start
[Music]
there's something I want to do something
that have to do but it will divide the
Nights Watch
with luck you will find the strength to
do what needs to be done kill the boy
and let a man people
and if you go north of the wall gather
the remaining free folk wherever they
are and bring them back here I'll open
the gates from them and let them through
I'll find them lands to settle south of
the wall your people need a leader and
they need to get south of the wall
before it's too late we don't have much
time and they have less the walkers are
coming and they'll hit your people first
you're coming with me you're the Lord
Commander of the Nights Watch they need
to hear it from you
if we abandon them you know what they
become we can learn to live with the
Orleans or we can add them to the army
of the Dead we're going to have a baby
very happy for you from the way she's
carrying maester wolkan says it looks
like a boy if it's a boy you're worried
about your position my position is quite
clear I'm your son
until a better alternative comes along
have a safe journey your grace and thank
you
I know where we are you're taking us
through Valyria the doom still rules
Valyria don't touch you